Alrighty, so we're moving right along here.
So in this video we'll cover steps three and four:
defining the router outlet,
and also setting up the router links that pass
the category id param.
Alrighty, step three of defining the router outlet.
Let's go ahead and move over to our file AppComponent.html
Let me zoom out a bit and expand my window.
So here, for the main content,
instead of using the app product list directly,
you want to make use of that router outlet.
So let's just go ahead and comment out this code
for right now, or you can delete it.
It's totally up to you.
And in this location, we'll actually make use of
the router outlet.
So remember, the router outlet acts as a placeholder.
It's going to render the desired component
based on the route.
And I'll do it at this given location.
And, now that I think about it,
this little commenting code,
let's just go ahead and delete it,
we don't need it anymore.
All right, so let's scroll up a bit
to the section for menu side bar.
And this is for step 4,
setting up the route links to pass category id parameter.
So that little left-hand menu bar here,
we're going to set up some links to actually
perform some operations here.
So moving down to this section
where we have books, coffee mugs,
and mouse pads, and luggage tags.
So that's our little menu side bar here.
I'm going to get rid of mouse pads and luggage tags,
because right now I simply want to focus on
books and coffee mugs, for right now.
But don't worry,
we'll get all of our categories in a little bit later,
in some of the other videos.
So for this href, I'm going to remove this
and replace it with a router link.
And so I'm going to reference
category slash the category id.
So the category id in this example is one.
And then I'll set the router link active,
and I'll give a reference here to a CSS style.
So again, the param name is id,
so we're going to pass the value of one
for this given parameter.
And this is all based on our routes configuration
that we set up earlier.
So in this case,
we're going to use the product list component
and we path in a given id.
And once the user clicks the link,
then we apply a custom CSS style,
so active dash link.
So I just did a little quick copy and paste here.
I'll update the actual categories.
So category of 2 and then it's for coffee mugs.
All right, so that's the basic layout here
for our menu links,
so our menu links are set up at the moment,
so this is pretty good.
But actually, if you notice like hmm,
at the moment we're hard coating the categories.
And so, in later videos we'll make this more dynamic,
and we'll read the category information from
the REST API, and actually read the categories
from the data base.
But for now let's get it working with the basics.
Then, later on, we'll add more advanced, dynamic features.
So don't worry, I've got you covered on this.